Fetch streaming requests: Update article for Chrome 105 (#8317)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/fetch-upload-streaming/index.md

  - api
---

> From Chrome 105, you can start a request before you have the whole body

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From Chromium&nbsp;105, you can start a request before you have the whole body
```
